Create kubevirt_vmi_launcher_memory_overhead_bytes metric (#12000)
kubevirt/kubevirt: docs/metrics.md

### kubevirt_vmi_last_api_connection_timestamp_seconds
Virtual Machine Instance last API connection timestamp. Including VNC, console, portforward, SSH and usbredir connections. Type: Gauge.

### kubevirt_vmi_launcher_memory_overhead_bytes

> Estimation of additional memory (over the requested) needed for the domain to operate properly. Type: Gauge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Estimation of the memory amount required for virt-launcher's infrastructure components (e.g. libvirt, QEMU). Type: Gauge.
```

Author: updated
